# sc-machine

!!! note
    This is correct for only versions of sc-machine that >= 0.10.0.
---

Sc-machine is a sc-memory with opportunity to add modules consistent with the general sc-machine interface. All such 
modules are named extensions, must be shared libraries (with file extension `.so` or `.dylib`) and stored in common directory 
(by default it is `./bin/extensions`). By default, sc-machine contains sc-server that allows to communicate with 
sc-memory through network. You can find `sc-machine` in a `bin` directory.

<pre>
Usage:
  ./bin/sc-machine [options]

Required options:
  --binaries|-b <directory>               Provide a path to directory with knowledge base binaries. Knowledge base binaries should be generated by sc-builder binary.
  --config|-c <config-name>.ini           Provide a path to configuration file. If `binaries` option is not provided as argument, then this file should contain `binaries` option in `[sc-memory]` group.
                                          Configuration file can be used to set additional (optional) options for ./bin/sc-machine.

Options:
  --extensions|-e <directory>             Provide a path to directories containing extensions. Extensions should represent compiled dynamic libraries of agent sc-modules.
  --clear                                 Run sc-memory in the mode when it overwrites existing knowledge base binaries.
  --verbose|-v                            Shutdown sc-memory without dumping its state into knowledge base binaries.
  --test|-t                               Test sc-memory state. If this flag is specified, sc-memory will be initialized and shutdown immediately.
  --version                               Display version of ./bin/sc-machine.
  --help                                  Display this help message.
</pre>

Example of usage:

```sh
cd sc-machine
./bin/sc-machine -c ./sc-machine.ini
```
